---
layout: post
title:  "The Infinitesimally Small World We Reside In (The Musical)"
date:   2025-06-24 183541 +0700
categories: life
---
Now, I am not a horrifically sentimental person. I get sad sometimes, nostalgic others, but I usually don’t find myself listening to sad songs, remembering what was once my dreams, but now a tainted memory.

But everything goes out the window for karaoke.

Karaoke is a different form of expression that modern society lacks nowadays. With the invention of runtime autotune, it is rare to hear a voice raw. No effects, no editing, no nothing. But karaoke creates an atmosphere that even if you sing horrifically offkey, everyone is still having fun anyways.

So that is how I ended up with a group of students and two professors, singing karaoke on a random Sunday night in Bangkok.

I grew up in choir and music is deeply entwined with my soul. I communicate to the world using it as a vessel, not that anyone cares to listen but I still try.

So sometimes I think about the past, about my life, all connected to music. My first boyfriend had a similar connection to music, but where I was a producer, he was a consumer. He loved music and would send me songs and lyrics that reminded him of me, starting a trend I have carried on with my future relationships.

Song lyrics are important since well, they are poetry. And if there is one form of writing I am not immensely proficient at, it is poetry. I understand you get better the more you write, but my words are either too big, my melody is too iambic, or it simply does not make sense for a song.

So I admire lyricists, people that can dip their paintbrush of emotions and draw the calligraphy of words, as I wish to emanate part of that. The closest I get is to writing thoughtful, and occasionally funny, lengthy texts but you know we have to start somewhere.

Important to note, as I am thinking of this, of a boy who I once knew every line on his hands to now his face is a faint memory, we are singing Taylor Swift’s *All Too Well* Ten Minute version.

I will preface by saying I am not a Taylor fan. Nothing against her, it’s just not my vibe. But somehow the rest of the students in the room with me were gigantic Swifties. That meant singing was required, and even if you didn’t know the words you had to try.

So as I was watching the words flow across the screen, Taylor was telling a story of love and heartbreak. And it touched me in a way that went, “hey, that sounds like me.” That was the point I realized the reason why Taylor is popular is not that she has amazing musicality (no offense but sometimes the chords are basic), but the lyrics are touching and soul provoking.

So, did I cry listening to this song, thinking about that boy that never quite loved me enough? It is entirely possible. The song is about originally being in love with someone that does not fully understand you, and then there comes the messy breakup.

The weird part was, I hadn’t thought about him in a while. Really ever. It was a messy break up. I got over him.

I suppose it’s true some things are never truly over, but trust me when I say that it was definitely over *over*. So that’s why I think I cried. Or potentially did.

To have your soul be examined and taken so thoroughly apart by music is one of the reasons it is so wonderful. And karaoke only adds an element of closeness.

Most of the folks there I wasn’t best friends with. I’m not sure if I would refer to any of them as such. They were friends, yes, but I felt more connected to them than I did to others in a while.

Normally my criteria for friendship is having their phone number, texting, and knowing each other’s birthdays. I am not really sure if any of them qualify except for potentially one.

But there was no judgment, only music. We sang as loud as we wanted with no care in the world and it only made the experience better. I might not know all of these people better, but we were connected by music for at least one night.

Life is limited. Time is finite. There are only so many times you can karaoke in Bangkok in your teens. This taught me to cherish these moments, even if the people don’t last forever.

I don’t regret my first boyfriend. I doubt I would ever make a choice like him again from what I learned from him, but some of the moments we had were life changing. Important.

And it makes me want to try to take more risks, have more experiences. It makes me want to explore possibilities for the future, discover who I am. And I don’t need anyone to figure it out.

The last, and most important thing I learned is that sometimes, your professor is really good at singing and you only learn that from going to karaoke together on a Sunday night in Bangkok, Thailand. That’s how you realize you have a more similar background than originally thought, and how some people only show certain parts of themselves in small, protected moments. Those are the ones I know I have to cherish with my soul.

And even with all of the old memories, I wouldn’t change anything that happened that night for anything in the world. So, I guess I might be a little tiny bit sentimental.